---
aliases: 
- 
tags:
- seedling
---

# Using Discord

## Show "Playing Obsidian" in the Discord Profile
The "Playing Obsidian" message can be generated by using the [[obsidian-discordrpc|Discord Rich Presence Plugin]].

## Open `discord.com` links directly in the Discord App

### on macOS
Manually, you can do that on a per-link basis by changing the `https://` to `discord://`. IYou can do that automatically for every link you ever click by using [Finicky](https://github.com/johnste/finicky) (Open Source / free).

Finicky's actual purpose is to open specific links with specific browsers, but you can also configure it to regard Discord as a "browser" with the following configuration file. (Simple copypaste is enough, so those without coding knowledge do not need to be discouraged.) Modify your browser name, of course, and use the full browser name, e.g. `Google Chrome`, not `Chrome`.

```js
module.exports = {
    defaultBrowser: "YOUR BROWSER",

    handlers: [
        {
            match: /discord(app)?\.com\/channel/i,
            url: ({ url }) => ({
                  ...url,
                  protocol: "discord"
               }),
               browser: "com.hnc.Discord"
        }
    ]
}

```

## How to ask questions in the Discord Server
The golden rule for asking questions at the Discord server is: **"Don't ask to ask, just ask."** Here is a brief explainer why that is important:

**1. Don't ask**: 
> "Is there any JavaScript expert around?"

**2. Better ask**: 
>"Can someone explain to me why the following code does not sort the values as alphabetically?"

Question #2 is better for several reasons:
- The question #1 requires readers to self-evaluate whether they are an "expert", which is a pretty subjective assessment. Someone might be able to answer the question, but does not see themselves as an "expert". By asking the first question as opposed to the second, you'll miss answers from that type of person.
- Another problem of the first question is that it leaves it open how much of a time commitment it is to help out, as it's unclear whether it is a complicated problem or just a small request. Question number two, however, allows you to estimate how long it will take to help out. Generally, people are more willing to help if they can assess how much time it will take.
- Research on online communities has shown [that 80-90% of active members of an online community are lurkers](https://www.nngroup.com/articles/participation-inequality/), i.e. people who mostly read along but don't participate in conversation. Those people are rather unlikely to respond to the first question, but might respond to the second one.

%% Hub footer: Please don't edit anything below this line %%

# This note in GitHub

<span class="git-footer">[Edit In GitHub](https://github.dev/obsidian-community/obsidian-hub/blob/main/04%20-%20Guides%2C%20Workflows%2C%20%26%20Courses/Guides/Using%20Discord.md "git-hub-edit-note") | [Copy this note](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/obsidian-community/obsidian-hub/main/04%20-%20Guides%2C%20Workflows%2C%20%26%20Courses/Guides/Using%20Discord.md "git-hub-copy-note") | [Download this vault](https://github.com/obsidian-community/obsidian-hub/archive/refs/heads/main.zip "git-hub-download-vault") </span>
